src/pages/calculators/caffeine-half-life.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "Caffeine Half-Life"
description: "Estimate remaining caffeine over time."
date: 2025-09-03
updated: 2025-09-03
cluster: "Health"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  slug: "caffeine-half-life",
  title: "Caffeine Half-Life",
  locale: "en",
  inputs: [
    {
      name: "mg",
      label: "Initial caffeine (mg)",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "200",
    },
    {
      name: "hrs",
      label: "Hours elapsed",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "5",
    },
  ],
  expression: "mg * (0.5 ^ (hrs / 5))",
  unit: "mg",
  intro: "Estimate remaining caffeine over time.",
  examples: [
    {
      description: "200 mg after 5 h ⇒ 100 mg",
    },
  ],
  info: [
    "Real-world caffeine clearance varies widely with factors like age, liver function, medications, and pregnancy.",
    "Treat results as a general estimate; genetics, smoking, and regular consumption also influence how fast caffeine leaves the body.",
  ],
  faqs: [
    {
      question: "What half-life is assumed?",
      answer: "This uses an average half-life of 5 hours.",
    },
  ],
  disclaimer: "Educational information, not professional advice.",
  cluster: "Health",
  related: [
    "bmi-calculator",
    "daily-calorie-burn",
    "sleep-debt-weekly",
    "sugar-cube-equivalent",
    "protein-calorie-percentage",
    "bmi-prime",
  ],
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />

Commit message:

Improve FAQs for caffeine half-life and km to miles

src/pages/calculators/caffeine-half-life.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "Caffeine Half-Life"
description: "Estimate remaining caffeine over time."
date: 2025-09-03
updated: 2025-09-13
cluster: "Health"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  slug: "caffeine-half-life",
  title: "Caffeine Half-Life",
  locale: "en",
  inputs: [
    {
      name: "mg",
      label: "Initial caffeine (mg)",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "200",
    },
    {
      name: "hrs",
      label: "Hours elapsed",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "5",
    },
  ],
  expression: "mg * (0.5 ^ (hrs / 5))",
  unit: "mg",
  intro: "Estimate remaining caffeine over time.",
  examples: [
    {
      description: "200 mg after 5 h ⇒ 100 mg",
    },
  ],
  info: [
    "Real-world caffeine clearance varies widely with factors like age, liver function, medications, and pregnancy.",
    "Treat results as a general estimate; genetics, smoking, and regular consumption also influence how fast caffeine leaves the body.",
  ],
  faqs: [
    {
      question: "What half-life is assumed?",
      answer:
        "The calculator uses an average caffeine half-life of about 5 hours for healthy adults.",
    },
    {
      question: "Why might my caffeine level differ from the estimate?",
      answer:
        "Metabolism varies with age, liver function, pregnancy, medications, smoking, and genetics, so actual clearance can be faster or slower.",
    },
    {
      question: "Can this tell me when to stop drinking coffee before bed?",
      answer:
        "It offers a rough guideline only. Many people avoid caffeine for at least six hours before sleep, but individual sensitivity differs.",
    },
  ],
  disclaimer: "Educational information, not professional advice.",
  cluster: "Health",
  related: [
    "bmi-calculator",
    "daily-calorie-burn",
    "sleep-debt-weekly",
    "sugar-cube-equivalent",
    "protein-calorie-percentage",
    "bmi-prime",
  ],
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />
