src/pages/calculators/calories-burned-met.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "Calories Burned (MET) Calculator"
description: "Estimate calories burned using MET, weight, and duration. Enter the values and press Calculate."
date: 2025-08-26
updated: 2025-08-26
cluster: "Health"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  slug: "calories-burned-met",
  title: "Calories Burned (MET) Calculator",
  locale: "en",
  inputs: [
    {
      name: "met",
      label: "MET value",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "Enter MET value",
      hint: "Metabolic Equivalent of Task",
    },
    {
      name: "weight",
      label: "Weight",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "Enter weight in kilograms",
      hint: "in kilograms",
    },
    {
      name: "duration",
      label: "Duration",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "Enter duration in minutes",
      hint: "in minutes",
    },
  ],
  expression: "met*weight*3.5/200*duration",
  intro:
    "Estimate calories burned using MET, weight, and duration. Enter the values and press Calculate.",
  examples: [
    {
      description: "Jogging at MET 7, 70 kg, 30 minutes → about 257 kcal",
    },
  ],
  faqs: [
    {
      question: "What is a MET?",
      answer:
        "A MET is a unit that estimates energy cost of physical activities.",
    },
  ],
  disclaimer: "Educational information, not professional advice.",
  cluster: "Health",
  related: [
    "bmi-calculator",
    "daily-calorie-burn",
    "daily-water-intake",
    "waist-to-height-ratio",
    "weight-to-bmi-projection-calculator",
    "kg-to-lb-calculator",
  ],
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />

Commit message:

Enhance calculator content and metadata

src/pages/calculators/calories-burned-met.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "Calories Burned (MET) Calculator"
description: "Estimate calories burned using activity MET value, body weight, and duration."
date: 2025-08-26
updated: 2025-08-26
cluster: "Health"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  slug: "calories-burned-met",
  title: "Calories Burned (MET) Calculator",
  locale: "en",
  inputs: [
    {
      name: "met",
      label: "MET value",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "Enter MET value",
      hint: "Metabolic Equivalent of Task",
    },
    {
      name: "weight",
      label: "Weight",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "Enter weight in kilograms",
      hint: "in kilograms",
    },
    {
      name: "duration",
      label: "Duration",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "Enter duration in minutes",
      hint: "in minutes",
    },
  ],
  expression: "met*weight*3.5/200*duration",
  unit: "kcal",
  intro:
    "Use the activity's MET value along with your weight and duration to estimate calories burned.",
  examples: [
    { description: "Jogging at MET 7, 70 kg, 30 min ⇒ about 257 kcal" },
    { description: "Cycling at MET 5, 80 kg, 45 min ⇒ about 315 kcal" }
  ],
  faqs: [
    { question: "What is a MET?", answer: "A MET estimates the energy cost of an activity compared to resting." },
    { question: "Where can I find MET values?", answer: "MET tables are available in fitness guides and online resources." },
    { question: "Should weight be in kilograms?", answer: "Yes, convert your weight to kilograms before using the calculator." },
    { question: "Why is duration entered in minutes?", answer: "The formula expects minutes; convert hours to minutes first." }
  ],
  disclaimer: "Educational information, not professional advice.",
  cluster: "Health",
  related: [
    "bmi-calculator",
    "daily-calorie-burn",
    "daily-water-intake",
    "waist-to-height-ratio",
    "weight-to-bmi-projection-calculator",
    "kg-to-lb-calculator",
  ],
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />
