src/pages/calculators/celsius-to-fahrenheit.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "Celsius to Fahrenheit"
description: "Convert Celsius temperatures to Fahrenheit."
updated: "2025-08-26"
cluster: "Conversions"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  inputs: [
    {
      name: "c",
      label: "Degrees Celsius",
      type: "number",
      step: "any",
      placeholder: "25",
    },
  ],
  slug: "celsius-to-fahrenheit",
  title: "Celsius to Fahrenheit",
  locale: "en",
  expression: "(c * 9/5) + 32",
  unit: "\u00b0F",
  intro:
    "This calculator converts temperatures in degrees Celsius to degrees Fahrenheit using the formula F = C \u00d7 9/5 + 32. Enter any Celsius value to see the equivalent Fahrenheit reading.",
  examples: [
    { description: "0\u00b0C \u21d2 32\u00b0F" },
    { description: "37\u00b0C \u21d2 98.6\u00b0F" },
  ],
  faqs: [
    {
      question: "How is Celsius converted to Fahrenheit?",
      answer: "Multiply the Celsius value by 9/5 and add 32.",
    },
    {
      question: "Can I convert negative temperatures?",
      answer: "Yes, the formula works for any real number.",
    },
    {
      question: "Does it support decimals?",
      answer: "Yes, you can enter decimal values.",
    },
    {
      question: "How do I convert Fahrenheit to Celsius?",
      answer:
        "Use the Fahrenheit to Celsius calculator or apply C = (F - 32) \u00d7 5/9.",
    },
  ],
  disclaimer: "Educational purposes only. Not professional advice.",
  cluster: "Conversions",
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />

Commit message:

Add info notes to calculator pages

src/pages/calculators/celsius-to-fahrenheit.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "Celsius to Fahrenheit"
description: "Convert Celsius temperatures to Fahrenheit."
updated: "2025-08-26"
cluster: "Conversions"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  inputs: [
    {
      name: "c",
      label: "Degrees Celsius",
      type: "number",
      step: "any",
      placeholder: "25",
    },
  ],
  slug: "celsius-to-fahrenheit",
  title: "Celsius to Fahrenheit",
  locale: "en",
  expression: "(c * 9/5) + 32",
  unit: "\u00b0F",
  intro:
    "This calculator converts temperatures in degrees Celsius to degrees Fahrenheit using the formula F = C \u00d7 9/5 + 32. Enter any Celsius value to see the equivalent Fahrenheit reading.",
  examples: [
    { description: "0\u00b0C \u21d2 32\u00b0F" },
    { description: "37\u00b0C \u21d2 98.6\u00b0F" },
  ],
  info: [
    "Applies the precise formula F = C \u00d7 9/5 + 32, rounding results to a practical level.",
    "Note that Celsius is the international standard, while Fahrenheit is primarily used in the United States.",
  ],
  faqs: [
    {
      question: "How is Celsius converted to Fahrenheit?",
      answer: "Multiply the Celsius value by 9/5 and add 32.",
    },
    {
      question: "Can I convert negative temperatures?",
      answer: "Yes, the formula works for any real number.",
    },
    {
      question: "Does it support decimals?",
      answer: "Yes, you can enter decimal values.",
    },
    {
      question: "How do I convert Fahrenheit to Celsius?",
      answer:
        "Use the Fahrenheit to Celsius calculator or apply C = (F - 32) \u00d7 5/9.",
    },
  ],
  disclaimer: "Educational purposes only. Not professional advice.",
  cluster: "Conversions",
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />
