src/pages/calculators/filament-volume-calculator.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "3D Print Filament Volume Calculator"
description: "Compute filament volume from length and diameter."
updated: "2025-08-31"
cluster: "Technology"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  slug: "filament-volume-calculator",
  title: "3D Print Filament Volume Calculator",
  intro:
    "Estimate the volume of filament used for 3D printing architectural models.",
  locale: "en",
  cluster: "Technology",
  inputs: [
    {
      name: "length",
      label: "Length (mm)",
      type: "number",
      step: "any",
      required: true,
    },
    {
      name: "diameter",
      label: "Diameter (mm)",
      type: "number",
      step: "any",
      required: true,
    },
  ],
  expression: "Math.PI * Math.pow(diameter/2, 2) * length",
  unit: "mm³",
  examples: [
    { description: "10000 mm of 1.75 mm filament ⇒ 24053 mm³" },
    { description: "5000 mm of 2.85 mm filament ⇒ 31897 mm³" },
    { description: "12000 mm of 1.75 mm filament ⇒ 28863 mm³" },
  ],
  faqs: [
    {
      question: "Why calculate filament volume?",
      answer: "It helps estimate material usage and cost.",
    },
    {
      question: "Does this include infill percentage?",
      answer: "No, it's raw filament volume.",
    },
    {
      question: "Can I convert volume to weight?",
      answer: "Yes, multiply by material density.",
    },
  ],
  disclaimer: "Results assume consistent filament diameter.",
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />

Commit message:

docs: improve info sections for calculators

src/pages/calculators/filament-volume-calculator.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "3D Print Filament Volume Calculator"
description: "Compute filament volume from length and diameter."
updated: "2025-08-31"
cluster: "Technology"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  slug: "filament-volume-calculator",
  title: "3D Print Filament Volume Calculator",
  intro:
    "Estimate the volume of filament used for 3D printing architectural models.",
  locale: "en",
  cluster: "Technology",
  inputs: [
    {
      name: "length",
      label: "Length (mm)",
      type: "number",
      step: "any",
      required: true,
    },
    {
      name: "diameter",
      label: "Diameter (mm)",
      type: "number",
      step: "any",
      required: true,
    },
  ],
  expression: "Math.PI * Math.pow(diameter/2, 2) * length",
  unit: "mm³",
  examples: [
    { description: "10000 mm of 1.75 mm filament ⇒ 24053 mm³" },
    { description: "5000 mm of 2.85 mm filament ⇒ 31897 mm³" },
    { description: "12000 mm of 1.75 mm filament ⇒ 28863 mm³" },
  ],
  info: [
    "Treats filament as a perfect cylinder with constant diameter.",
    "Ignores infill percentage, nozzle flow, and material shrinkage.",
  ],
  faqs: [
    {
      question: "Why calculate filament volume?",
      answer: "It helps estimate material usage and cost.",
    },
    {
      question: "Does this include infill percentage?",
      answer: "No, it's raw filament volume.",
    },
    {
      question: "Can I convert volume to weight?",
      answer: "Yes, multiply by material density.",
    },
  ],
  disclaimer: "Results assume consistent filament diameter.",
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />
