src/pages/calculators/protein-calorie-percentage.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "Protein Calorie Percentage"
description: "Percentage of calories coming from protein."
date: 2025-09-03
updated: 2025-09-03
cluster: "Health"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  slug: "protein-calorie-percentage",
  title: "Protein Calorie Percentage",
  locale: "en",
  inputs: [
    {
      name: "protein",
      label: "Protein (g)",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "50",
    },
    {
      name: "calories",
      label: "Total calories",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "2000",
    },
  ],
  expression: "(protein * 4) / calories * 100",
  unit: "%",
  intro: "Percentage of calories coming from protein.",
  examples: [
    {
      description: "50 g protein in 2000 kcal ⇒ 10%",
    },
  ],
  faqs: [
    {
      question: "Why multiply by 4?",
      answer: "Each gram of protein has roughly 4 calories.",
    },
  ],
  disclaimer: "Educational information, not professional advice.",
  cluster: "Health",
  related: [
    "bmi-calculator",
    "daily-calorie-burn",
    "sleep-debt-weekly",
    "sugar-cube-equivalent",
    "caffeine-half-life",
    "bmi-prime",
  ],
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />

Commit message:

Add info notes to calculator pages

src/pages/calculators/protein-calorie-percentage.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "Protein Calorie Percentage"
description: "Percentage of calories coming from protein."
date: 2025-09-03
updated: 2025-09-03
cluster: "Health"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  slug: "protein-calorie-percentage",
  title: "Protein Calorie Percentage",
  locale: "en",
  inputs: [
    {
      name: "protein",
      label: "Protein (g)",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "50",
    },
    {
      name: "calories",
      label: "Total calories",
      type: "number",
      placeholder: "2000",
    },
  ],
  expression: "(protein * 4) / calories * 100",
  unit: "%",
  intro: "Percentage of calories coming from protein.",
  examples: [
    {
      description: "50 g protein in 2000 kcal ⇒ 10%",
    },
  ],
  info: [
    "Highlights what share of your total calorie intake comes from protein, aiding in macronutrient tracking.",
    "Adjust for protein quality, activity level, and personal dietary goals separately, as this ratio doesn't cover them.",
  ],
  faqs: [
    {
      question: "Why multiply by 4?",
      answer: "Each gram of protein has roughly 4 calories.",
    },
  ],
  disclaimer: "Educational information, not professional advice.",
  cluster: "Health",
  related: [
    "bmi-calculator",
    "daily-calorie-burn",
    "sleep-debt-weekly",
    "sugar-cube-equivalent",
    "caffeine-half-life",
    "bmi-prime",
  ],
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />
