src/pages/calculators/quarter-of-year.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "Quarter of Year Calculator"
description: "Determine the calendar quarter for a given month."
updated: "2025-10-21"
cluster: "Date & Time"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  slug: "quarter-of-year",
  title: "Quarter of Year Calculator",
  locale: "en",
  unit: "quarter",
  expression: "Math.ceil(month / 3)",
  intro:
    "Find the calendar quarter by entering a month number from 1 to 12.",
  cluster: "Date & Time",
  inputs: [
    {
      name: "month",
      label: "Month (1-12)",
      type: "number",
      step: 1,
      required: true,
    },
  ],
  examples: [
    { description: "Month 2 ⇒ Q1" },
    { description: "Month 11 ⇒ Q4" },
  ],
  faqs: [
    {
      question: "What is a quarter?",
      answer: "One-fourth of a year, consisting of three months.",
    },
    {
      question: "Can I enter 0 or 13?",
      answer: "No, months must be between 1 and 12.",
    },
    {
      question: "Why use Math.ceil?",
      answer: "It rounds up to the nearest integer after dividing by three.",
    },
    {
      question: "Is this useful for fiscal planning?",
      answer: "Yes, many businesses track performance by quarter.",
    },
  ],
  disclaimer:
    "For calendar reference only.",
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />

Commit message:

Fix quarter-of-year calculator without Math

src/pages/calculators/quarter-of-year.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "Quarter of Year Calculator"
description: "Determine the calendar quarter for a given month."
updated: "2025-10-21"
cluster: "Date & Time"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  slug: "quarter-of-year",
  title: "Quarter of Year Calculator",
  locale: "en",
  unit: "quarter",
  expression: "((month + 2) - ((month + 2) % 3)) / 3",
  intro:
    "Find the calendar quarter by entering a month number from 1 to 12. This helps with budgeting, financial reporting, or planning seasonal activities.",
  cluster: "Date & Time",
  inputs: [
      {
        name: "month",
        label: "Month (1-12)",
        type: "number",
        step: 1,
        placeholder: "2",
        required: true,
      },
    ],
  examples: [
    { description: "Month 2 ⇒ Q1" },
    { description: "Month 11 ⇒ Q4" },
  ],
  faqs: [
    {
      question: "What is a quarter?",
      answer: "One-fourth of a year, consisting of three months.",
    },
    {
      question: "Can I enter 0 or 13?",
      answer: "No, months must be between 1 and 12.",
    },
    {
      question: "How is the quarter calculated?",
      answer: "The month number is adjusted by two, then divided by three with the remainder discarded.",
    },
    {
      question: "Is this useful for fiscal planning?",
      answer: "Yes, many businesses track performance by quarter.",
    },
  ],
  disclaimer:
    "For calendar reference only.",
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />
