src/pages/calculators/sleep-debt-weekly.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "Sleep Debt Weekly"
description: "Estimate weekly sleep debt from average nightly rest."
date: 2025-09-03
updated: 2025-09-03
cluster: "Health"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  slug: "sleep-debt-weekly",
  title: "Sleep Debt Weekly",
  locale: "en",
  inputs: [
    {
      name: "hours",
      label: "Average hours per night",
      type: "number",
      step: "any",
      placeholder: "6",
    },
  ],
  expression: "(8 - hours) * 7",
  unit: "hours",
  intro: "Estimate weekly sleep debt from average nightly rest.",
  examples: [
    {
      description: "6 h/night ⇒ 14 h debt",
    },
  ],
  faqs: [
    {
      question: "What if result is negative?",
      answer: "Negative means you exceed the 8‑hour recommendation.",
    },
  ],
  disclaimer: "Educational information, not professional advice.",
  cluster: "Health",
  related: [
    "bmi-calculator",
    "daily-calorie-burn",
    "sugar-cube-equivalent",
    "caffeine-half-life",
    "protein-calorie-percentage",
    "bmi-prime",
  ],
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />

Commit message:

Add info notes to calculator pages

src/pages/calculators/sleep-debt-weekly.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../../layouts/CalculatorLayout.astro
title: "Sleep Debt Weekly"
description: "Estimate weekly sleep debt from average nightly rest."
date: 2025-09-03
updated: 2025-09-03
cluster: "Health"
---

import Calculator from "../../components/Calculator.astro";

export const schema = {
  slug: "sleep-debt-weekly",
  title: "Sleep Debt Weekly",
  locale: "en",
  inputs: [
    {
      name: "hours",
      label: "Average hours per night",
      type: "number",
      step: "any",
      placeholder: "6",
    },
  ],
  expression: "(8 - hours) * 7",
  unit: "hours",
  intro: "Estimate weekly sleep debt from average nightly rest.",
  examples: [
    {
      description: "6 h/night ⇒ 14 h debt",
    },
  ],
  info: [
    "Calculations rely on the common guideline of eight hours of sleep per night, though personal needs can differ.",
    "Long-term sleep shortfalls may accumulate and affect mood, focus, and overall health.",
  ],
  faqs: [
    {
      question: "What if result is negative?",
      answer: "Negative means you exceed the 8‑hour recommendation.",
    },
  ],
  disclaimer: "Educational information, not professional advice.",
  cluster: "Health",
  related: [
    "bmi-calculator",
    "daily-calorie-burn",
    "sugar-cube-equivalent",
    "caffeine-half-life",
    "protein-calorie-percentage",
    "bmi-prime",
  ],
};

<Calculator schema={schema} />
